c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\bin\Debug\ISADSystem.exe.config
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.frmMainMenu.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.Resources.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\bin\Debug\ISADSystem.exe
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\bin\Debug\ISADSystem.pdb
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\bin\Debug\ISADSystem.xml
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.exe
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.pdb
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\bin\Debug\Bunifu_UI_v1.5.3.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.vbproj.ISADSystem.exe.config
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.frmLogin.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.frmAccounts.resources
c:\users\marco\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.frmHome.resources
C:\Users\Marco\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.frmPasswordChange.resources
C:\Users\Marco\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ISADSystem\ISADSystem\obj\Debug\ISADSystem.frmInventory.resources
